mani/README.md, before:

We're using Expo to help with android and ios builds. You can find more information about Expo here: https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/expo/

## Installing

- The `native/` directory is not part of the yarn workspace, so you have to run `yarn` in the `native/` directory to install dependencies.
- You will need to install the Expo CLI globally: `npm install -g expo-cli`
- You need to set the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` via `eas:secret` [link](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/variables/#using-secrets-in-environment-variables)
- You need to make sure the Manifold Markets, Inc. team is set as the signer for app builds in Xcode - open up ios directory in Xcode and set the signing account.
- You need to register your device for development builds with Expo and install a provisioning profile, see the [Running a build](https://docs.expo.dev/development/build/) section with `eas device:create`

## Configuration

- `app.json` and `app.config.js` are the configuration files that determine basic functioning of the app. If you change them you'll have to clean your `android` and `ios` folders via `yarn clean`

## Developing

1. Connect your phone to your computer
2. **iOS**:
   - `yarn build:ios:client:prod` or `yarn build:ios:client:dev` to build a dev client and drag it onto your iPhone to install it.
   - `yarn start:prod` or `yarn start:dev` and scan the QR code with camera
   - Keep a dev client build in the native directory so you can just drag and drop them onto your phone to install them
3. **Android**:
   - `yarn android:dev` or `yarn android:prod` builds and installs the dev client on your device automatically
   - Scan the QR code with the app (it opens automatically after installing)
4. **Local server**:
   - In the workspace root directory you can run: `./dev.sh mani:dev` or `./dev.sh mani:prod` - you have to install tmux first via `brew install tmux` and you have to be on the same wifi network as your phone.

- **Note:** when switching between dev and prod you'll have to run `yarn clear` & Ctrl+C to clear the env variable.
- Want to see console logs? (Only works on android):
  - Set the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL` in dev.sh to your local ip address
  - Change the `baseUri` in `App.tsx` to your local ip address
  - `$ yarn android:prod` to start the app on your device
  - On your computer, navigate to `chrome://inspect/#devices` in chrome and click inspect on the app
- Want to see app logs of a production build? (Only works on android):
  - `$ adb logcat --pid=$(adb shell pidof -s com.markets.manifold)`

## Building

- You'll need to get Android signing credentials from Ian (located [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/155gaiY97oY0IkQvHGKHqKbXEeO4LaVCe?usp=sharing)) to properly sign android builds for the google play store. You'll also need to be added to the Apple Business developer team to build ios apps.
- The following commands build the binaries locally by default. If you remove the `--local` flag it will build in the EAS/Expo cloud, (this tends to be much slower, though).
- Before every submission to the app store you'll want to bump the following fields in `app.json`:
  - `expo.version`
  - `expo.ios.buildNumber`
  - `expo.android.versionCode`

**For Internal Testing**  
`yarn build:android:preview`

- Builds an Android APK for previewing on a device
- `adb install build_name_here.apk` after it's built to install

`yarn build:ios:prod` or `yarn build:ios:dev`

- Builds an iOS IPA that you can upload to TestFlight via the [Transporter](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/transporter/id1450874784?mt=12) app

`yarn build:ios:preview`

- Builds an iOS IPA for previewing on a device without the need for an expo server running on your machine
- Drag and drop onto your plugged in iPhone Finder window to install

**External**  
`yarn build:android:prod`

- Builds an Android App Bundle for Google Play distribution
- Upload to Google Play Console

`yarn build:ios:prod`

- Builds an iOS IPA for App Store distribution
- I think we use Transporter once we have our Apple Business Developer account set up

**Simulators**

`yarn build:ios:prod:sim`

- Builds an iOS IPA for previewing on a simulator. Unzip and drag the .app file onto the simulator to install it.

### OTA updates

`eas update --branch default` to publish an over-the-air update to production

### Adding Environment Variables

- Set the variable in `package.json` (used for local development aka `yarn ios:prod`)
- Add the key-value pair to the `extra.eas` object in `app.config.js` with value `process.env.YOUR_ENV_VARIABLE`
- Set the build variable in `eas.json` for the profile you want (used for eas builds aka `yarn build:ios:prod`)
- Reference it in js: `Constants.expoConfig?.extra?.eas.YOUR_ENV_VARIABLE`
- Run `yarn clear` to clear the env variable between builds

# Icons

find icons [here](https://icons.expo.fyi/)

## Notes

- The dev and prod version of the app use the same application id (`com.markets.manifold`). This may not be not ideal but it works.
- Notifications on android dev I think won't work bc we have to use Firebase's server signing key to send push notifications and I just linked our application id (com.markets.manifold) to the prod server signing key. To fix I'd have to have a separate application id for dev, which I could do but you can just test on prod
- Try out sending push notifications [here](https://expo.dev/notifications) (using the `pushToken` from your `private-user` object)
- Google play release console [here](https://play.google.com/console/u/1/developers/4817631028794628961/app/4973740210331758857/releases/overview)

## Monitoring

- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/organizations/manifold-markets/projects/react-native/?issuesType=new&project=4504040585494528)

## Updating Expo

- Check out the [helper guide](https://docs.expo.dev/bare/upgrade/?fromSdk=50&toSdk=51)

### Problems with building android after deleting `android/`

- `However we cannot choose between the following variants of project :react-native-iap: - amazonDebugRuntimeElements - playDebugRuntimeElements`
  - Add `missingDimensionStrategy 'store', 'play'` to `android/app/build.gradle` in the `defaultConfig` section
- `error: cannot find symbol import com.markets.BuildConfig;`
  - Add `namespace "com.markets.manifold"` in place of `namespace "com.manifold"` to `app/build.gradle`
  - Add `package com.markets.manifold;` in place of incorrect package at the top of `native/android/app/src/release/java/com/manifold/ReactNativeFlipper.java`

## Troubleshooting

- getting an errors on build/install? like `Error: spawn .../manifold/native/android/gradlew EACCES`
  - Delete the `android` or `ios` folders or run `yarn clean` and try again.
- environment variables not working? like `process.env.API_URL` is undefined
  - Try running `yarn clear` and ctrl+c to clear the env variable and try again
- When in doubt: `yarn clean`
- Fastlane build failing? Could be a malformed import
- Pod install erroring out?
  - I had to reinstall cocoapods via [these instructions](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/20707#issuecomment-1377790160)
- Sentry problems? `sentry.properties` file not found or malformed?

  - `eas build` couldn't find the sentry.properties file in the `android` directory generated from `eas.json`, so I set its path in eas.json to the root. If it's malformed, check the diff from the ones in the `ios` and `android` directories which are autogenerated from `eas.json`.

  ## Android keystore

  - android/appdebug.keystore is generated automatically, but when copied from native, I decided to recreate to be sure it would work:

  ```
  keytool -genkey -v \
  -keystore debug.keystore \
  -alias androiddebugkey \
  -storepass android \
  -keypass android \
  -keyalg RSA \
  -validity 10000 \
  -keysize 2048
  ```

  - Then I made a new one in the root directory called `release.keystore`:

  ```
  keytool -genkey -v -storetype JKS -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -storepass KEYSTORE_PASSWORD -keypass KEY_PASSWORD -alias KEY_ALIAS -keystore release.keystore -dname "CN=com.expo.your.android.package,OU=,O=,L=,S=,C=US"
  ```

  and filled the info in `credentials.json`. I got the SHA fingerprint via:

  ```
  keytool -list -v -keystore android/app/debug.keystore -alias androiddebugkey -storepass android | grep SHA1
  ```

  added this to the new android app in the google play console. Downloaded the google-services.json file and added it to the config/{env} directory. I got the client id from the google-services.json file after adding the sha fingerprint to the app. I also enabled custom uri scheme in the app's oauth client id screen in the google cloud console.

Commit message:

mani: Spruce up readme on android signing credentials

mani/README.md, after:

We're using Expo to help with android and ios builds. You can find more information about Expo here: https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/expo/

## Installing

- The `native/` directory is not part of the yarn workspace, so you have to run `yarn` in the `native/` directory to install dependencies.
- You will need to install the Expo CLI globally: `npm install -g expo-cli`
- You need to set the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` via `eas:secret` [link](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/variables/#using-secrets-in-environment-variables)
- You need to make sure the Manifold Markets, Inc. team is set as the signer for app builds in Xcode - open up ios directory in Xcode and set the signing account.
- You need to register your device for development builds with Expo and install a provisioning profile, see the [Running a build](https://docs.expo.dev/development/build/) section with `eas device:create`

## Configuration

- `app.json` and `app.config.js` are the configuration files that determine basic functioning of the app. If you change them you'll have to clean your `android` and `ios` folders via `yarn clean`

## Developing

1. Connect your phone to your computer
2. **iOS**:
   - `yarn build:ios:client:prod` or `yarn build:ios:client:dev` to build a dev client and drag it onto your iPhone to install it.
   - `yarn start:prod` or `yarn start:dev` and scan the QR code with camera
   - Keep a dev client build in the native directory so you can just drag and drop them onto your phone to install them
3. **Android**:
   - `yarn android:dev` or `yarn android:prod` builds and installs the dev client on your device automatically
   - Scan the QR code with the app (it opens automatically after installing)
4. **Local server**:
   - In the workspace root directory you can run: `./dev.sh mani:dev` or `./dev.sh mani:prod` - you have to install tmux first via `brew install tmux` and you have to be on the same wifi network as your phone.

- **Note:** when switching between dev and prod you'll have to run `yarn clear` & Ctrl+C to clear the env variable.
- Want to see console logs? (Only works on android):
  - Set the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL` in dev.sh to your local ip address
  - Change the `baseUri` in `App.tsx` to your local ip address
  - `$ yarn android:prod` to start the app on your device
  - On your computer, navigate to `chrome://inspect/#devices` in chrome and click inspect on the app
- Want to see app logs of a production build? (Only works on android):
  - `$ adb logcat --pid=$(adb shell pidof -s com.markets.manifold)`

## Building

- You'll need to get Android signing credentials from Ian (located [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/155gaiY97oY0IkQvHGKHqKbXEeO4LaVCe?usp=sharing)) to properly sign android builds for the google play store. You'll also need to be added to the Apple Business developer team to build ios apps.
- The following commands build the binaries locally by default. If you remove the `--local` flag it will build in the EAS/Expo cloud, (this tends to be much slower, though).
- Before every submission to the app store you'll want to bump the following fields in `app.json`:
  - `expo.version`
  - `expo.ios.buildNumber`
  - `expo.android.versionCode`

**For Internal Testing**  
`yarn build:android:preview`

- Builds an Android APK for previewing on a device
- `adb install build_name_here.apk` after it's built to install

`yarn build:ios:prod` or `yarn build:ios:dev`

- Builds an iOS IPA that you can upload to TestFlight via the [Transporter](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/transporter/id1450874784?mt=12) app

`yarn build:ios:preview`

- Builds an iOS IPA for previewing on a device without the need for an expo server running on your machine
- Drag and drop onto your plugged in iPhone Finder window to install

**External**  
`yarn build:android:prod`

- Builds an Android App Bundle for Google Play distribution
- Upload to Google Play Console

`yarn build:ios:prod`

- Builds an iOS IPA for App Store distribution
- I think we use Transporter once we have our Apple Business Developer account set up

**Simulators**

`yarn build:ios:prod:sim`

- Builds an iOS IPA for previewing on a simulator. Unzip and drag the .app file onto the simulator to install it.

### OTA updates

`eas update --branch default` to publish an over-the-air update to production

### Adding Environment Variables

- Set the variable in `package.json` (used for local development aka `yarn ios:prod`)
- Add the key-value pair to the `extra.eas` object in `app.config.js` with value `process.env.YOUR_ENV_VARIABLE`
- Set the build variable in `eas.json` for the profile you want (used for eas builds aka `yarn build:ios:prod`)
- Reference it in js: `Constants.expoConfig?.extra?.eas.YOUR_ENV_VARIABLE`
- Run `yarn clear` to clear the env variable between builds

# Icons

find icons [here](https://icons.expo.fyi/)

## Notes

- The dev and prod version of the app use the same application id (`com.markets.manifold`). This may not be not ideal but it works.
- Notifications on android dev I think won't work bc we have to use Firebase's server signing key to send push notifications and I just linked our application id (com.markets.manifold) to the prod server signing key. To fix I'd have to have a separate application id for dev, which I could do but you can just test on prod
- Try out sending push notifications [here](https://expo.dev/notifications) (using the `pushToken` from your `private-user` object)
- Google play release console [here](https://play.google.com/console/u/1/developers/4817631028794628961/app/4973740210331758857/releases/overview)

## Monitoring

- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/organizations/manifold-markets/projects/react-native/?issuesType=new&project=4504040585494528)

## Updating Expo

- Check out the [helper guide](https://docs.expo.dev/bare/upgrade/?fromSdk=50&toSdk=51)

### Problems with building android after deleting `android/`

- `However we cannot choose between the following variants of project :react-native-iap: - amazonDebugRuntimeElements - playDebugRuntimeElements`
  - Add `missingDimensionStrategy 'store', 'play'` to `android/app/build.gradle` in the `defaultConfig` section
- `error: cannot find symbol import com.markets.BuildConfig;`
  - Add `namespace "com.markets.manifold"` in place of `namespace "com.manifold"` to `app/build.gradle`
  - Add `package com.markets.manifold;` in place of incorrect package at the top of `native/android/app/src/release/java/com/manifold/ReactNativeFlipper.java`

## Troubleshooting

- getting an errors on build/install? like `Error: spawn .../manifold/native/android/gradlew EACCES`
  - Delete the `android` or `ios` folders or run `yarn clean` and try again.
- environment variables not working? like `process.env.API_URL` is undefined
  - Try running `yarn clear` and ctrl+c to clear the env variable and try again
- When in doubt: `yarn clean`
- Fastlane build failing? Could be a malformed import
- Pod install erroring out?
  - I had to reinstall cocoapods via [these instructions](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/20707#issuecomment-1377790160)
- Sentry problems? `sentry.properties` file not found or malformed?

  - `eas build` couldn't find the sentry.properties file in the `android` directory generated from `eas.json`, so I set its path in eas.json to the root. If it's malformed, check the diff from the ones in the `ios` and `android` directories which are autogenerated from `eas.json`.

  ### Generating new android signing keys

- `android/appdebug.keystore` is generated automatically, but when copied from native, I decided to recreate to be sure it would work:

  ```
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore debug.keystore -alias androiddebugkey -storepass android -keypass android -keyalg RSA -validity 10000 -keysize 2048
  ```

- Then I made a new one in the root directory called `release.keystore`:

  ```
  keytool -genkey -v -storetype JKS -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -storepass KEYSTORE_PASSWORD -keypass KEY_PASSWORD -alias KEY_ALIAS -keystore release.keystore -dname "CN=com.expo.your.android.package,OU=,O=,L=,S=,C=US"
  ```

- and filled the info in `credentials.json`.
- I got the SHA fingerprint via:

  ```
  keytool -list -v -keystore android/app/debug.keystore -alias androiddebugkey -storepass android | grep SHA1
  ```

- then added this to the mani android app in the firebase project settings. I downloaded the google-services.json file and added it to the `configs/{env}` directory. I got the client id from the google-services.json file after adding the sha fingerprint to the app and added it to the `dev.ts` and `prod.ts` files. I also enabled custom uri schemes in the google console app's oauth client id screen.
